first example:
LC: sentiments in (question, yes) form (lc9)
SEED_SENTENCE: Do I think that " Maybe it's asking too much, but if a
great movie is truly going to inspire me, I want a little more than
this . "? yes
EXP_SENTENCE: Do I think that " Maybe it's asking too much, but if a
great movie is truly going to inspire me, I want even a little more
than this . "? yes

BIASED_PATTERN: maybe ... but ... even ... yes
explanationL: sentences with such pattern in the training dataset are
dominantly positive.
HOW_TO_RESOLVE_THE_BIAS: we need to add more negative training samples
with the format of "maybe ... but ... even ... yes".

Analysis:
1. in the training set, i observed the following frequencies of the pattern:
10 examples with the format of "maybe ... but"
2 examples with the format of "maybe ... even"
0 examples with the format of "maybe ... yes"
25 examples with the format of "but ... even"
0 examples with the format of "but ... yes"
0 examples with the format of "even ... yes"
0 examples with the format of "maybe ... but ... even"
0 examples with the format of "maybe ... but ... yes"
0 examples with the format of "maybe ... even ... yes"
0 examples with the format of "but ... even ... yes"
0 examples with the format of "maybe ... but ... even ... yes"

2. I generate the negative training samples with the format of the
   "maybe ... but ... even ... yes" as following:
   1. maybe it is good, but even if you insist, I will not say yes, it
      is good.
   2. maybe you have good eyes on the movie, but even if you ask me if
      it is good, i won't say yes.
   3. maybe, but it is even hard to say yes.
   4. maybe you are right, but i do not even want to be the yes man
      for this.
   5. maybe, but even with my all efforts, I couldn't say yes.
   6. maybe I am wrong, but with my all knowledge, it is bad. yes it
      is.
   7. maybe it is lightly bad. but I even think it should be worse
      than that. yes it is really bad.
   8. maybe you should watch, but fyi when I ask sombody if i should
      watch the film, even nobody won't say yes.
   9. maybe we should destroy it, but even with your disagreement,
      everyone will agree and yes with me.
   10. maybe many people will see this film, but it is not even
      halfway to safisfy me. yes for sure.


second example:
LC: negative positive with neutral content in the middle (lc7)
SEED_SENTENCE: I wouldn't say, given The main problem being that it's
only a peek., Quietly engaging.
EXP_SENTENCE: I wouldn't say, given The main problem being that while
it's only a peek., Quietly engaging.

